Simplify deploy to a single command (#179)
dbos-inc/dbos-docs: docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

```bash
npx -y @dbos-inc/create@latest -n <app-name>
```

For example, to name your app `hello`, run:
   ```bash
npx -y @dbos-inc/create@latest -n hello
   ```

This command should print `Application initialized successfully!` It creates a new folder named `<app-name>` that contains all the files needed by the "Hello" app. This app greets users and tracks the count of greetings per user. Enter the folder to perform the next step.

```
cd <app-name>
```

### 3. Deploy!

Run the following command to deploy your app to DBOS Cloud:
```
npx dbos-cloud app deploy
```

This command first prompts you to login/sign up for DBOS Cloud.

Then, it provisions a free database instance (server) for you if you haven't done so. It prompts you to pick a database instance name, which is `<username>-db-server` by default.
For more information, see the [database management guide](../cloud-tutorials/database-management.md).

After that, the command registers your app to use this database instance and uploads your code to DBOS Cloud.
This command should print `Successfully deployed <app-name>! Access your application at <URL>`.
:::tip
The deploy command may take a minute or so to finish.
:::

> To see that your app is working, visit the `<URL>` in your browser. For example, if your username is `mike` and your app name is `hello`, you would visit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the `<URL>` in your browser to access your application. For example, if your username is `mike` and your app name is `hello`, you would visit:
```
